Clarify @shopify/react-network docs (#1565)
Shopify/quilt: packages/react-network/README.md

This hook will read and parse the value of the `Accept-Language` header and return the result in an array of `Language` objects. It takes one argument as the fallback `Language` in case the header is not present.

> **Note:** `useAcceptLanguage` calls `useRequestHeader`, so the rules on client-side renders applies here too. Wrap your app in a `NetworkUniversalProvider` and pass in `['Accept-Language']` to the `headers` prop in order to call `useAcceptLanguage` on subsequent client-side renders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** `useAcceptLanguage` calls `useRequestHeader`, so the rules on client-side renders applies here too. Wrap your app in a `NetworkUniversalProvider` and pass in `[Header.AcceptLanguage]` to the `headers` prop in order to call `useAcceptLanguage` on subsequent client-side renders.
```
